     1.	Given a class named Patient, identify what instance methods could be written in this class. 
            
       Instance methods :  
                1.Create a profile for patient.
                2.If created previously then ask for the ID.
                3.Check which disease Patient has.
                4.If he had same disease before then check his progress of that disease.
                5.If scanning is required for that disease,then proceed with the scanning
                6.If surgery is required then proceed with surgery operation.
                7.If the surgery cures from medicines then proceed  with the medicines.

     2.	Given a class named CPU, identify the public & private instance members.     
        
          Public :
               1.Plugging in Pen drive to install some software, movies etc.
               2.Inserting USB and HDMI cabels to  interface with other devices.
               3.Inserting CD to play games,watching a movie etc...
          
          Private : 
               1.CPU[Control Proceesing Unit]
               2.It controls all the processing data and decodes all the data.
               3.It has diffrent unit like RAM,Internal storage.
               4.Design and Configuration.

    3. Given a class named Media, assume there are 3 objects of this class. Identify the static members of this class. 
          
          Media has 3 diffrent objects 
              1.Print
              2.Broadcast
              3.Social
            1.Print media : If the data is  printed on the paper,we cannot edit because it is already printed.
            2.Broadcast media : In this,the data which is telecasting live can't be changed.
            3.Social : if the data sent to the social you an edit and delete .


    4. Given a class named Calculator & its derived classes named Standard and Scientific, identify the method which can be overridden by the derived               classes. 

           Calculator has its derived classes are Standard and Scientific
           1.Standard Calculator can be overridden by the Scientific because it has only basic arithmetic operation.
           2.Scientific Calculator are used for multiple operation like Matrix,Arithmetic and Exponential function etc..

    5. Given the classes Bird, Superman, Aeroplane and Missile, identify the usage of interfaces here.

       Bird,Superman,Aeroplane and Missile are belongs common functionalities for its child classes.
       Here,the classes bird, superman, aeroplane and missile have the same functionality like flying, path, height at which it flies and fuel. 
       But there way of flying, height at which they fly, paths and fuel type are different.
       So we have to create flying interface and its definition is different for different classes 

 






















 
 

           