     1.	Given an entity named Television, identify its attributes and explain how will you do Abstraction? 

        Attributes:
                1.Body
                2.Screen
                3.Processor
                4.Io ports
                5.Remote
                6.Speaker
                7.Memory unit
                8.RAM

                 Abstraction :   Processsor,Io ports,RAM and Memory unit are  Internally connected to Television.
                                 Body,Screen,Speaker,Remote are Externally connected to Televsion.

    2.	Given an entity named Hospital, explain Encapsulation with respect to it. 
           
         Hospital Management System:
                         Patient
                         Doctors: 
                                //private
                                 OPD doctor
                                 Non-OPD doctor
                                //public
                    Management
                              
                 Encapsulation :Here,patient is related to data of a class
                                Opd And Non Opd Doctors are related to public and private  members is an example of data encapsulation 

    3.	Given an entity named TrafficSignal, explain Polymorphism with respect to it.           
              
         Polymorphism means one object many forms .
         We all know that traffic signal helps in preventing accidents.

                   Ex:   a person acts as an employee in the office, 
                         a customer in the shopping mall, a passenger in bus/train, a student in school, and a son at home.
                         same for trafficsignal it guides 3 diffrent signals(Red,Green,yellow).


   4.	Given an entity named BroadBandConnection, explain inheritance with respect to it. 

         Inheritance is used for acquiring class properties and behaviours into child class.
                     
                  Ex:  broadband connection has its own properties like connecting to several diffrent connection at a time .
                       here child system means router,phones,pc  all are connected through wireless and wired conncetion.


  5.	Given an entity named MobilePhone, identify its static & dynamic attributes. 
         
        Static attributes : Battery,SIM,USB,Screen guard,Camera,Mobilephone Body
        Dynamic Attributes : Display,Processor,Memory,Storage






















                       